Welcome, boys and girls, to a quick lecture.
So in last couple lectures we used Jenkins environment variable called Build Underscore Number, and
we pass that from one job to a downstream job.
But how would you know the list of all environment variables that Jenkins has?
So the way you find out is you go to your Jenkins main page and then at the end of the URL, just put
a front slash and then EMV dash pass, dot, XHTML, press enter.
And this should open up the page with all the available environment variables that you can use inside
your Jenkins file.
Our Jenkins jobs in general.
All right.
So like I said, go to your dashboard.
So basically the main Jenkins URL and then append slash EMV, dash fas dot XHTML, and that should give
you the list.
All right, folks, that's it for this one.
I'll see you guys and girls in the next one.